1. smart search in tags
2. ⎿  Error: MCP server "carbide" tool "create\_note" timed out after 300s
3. hierarchical headings (include subheadings?) for task query
4. auto-generate captions option
5. block query? for instance, how would i get all of the hierarchical blocks headings related to dlcm? can i do that with bases (yes but maybe a plugin would be best)? maybe just like task query but fuzzy heading query
   1. also current transclusion requires full note name specified but then if note is specified transclusion fires and can’t edit in visual mode so need to use source mode→ effectively makes it very difficult ot actually select the right note + right heading; fuzzy matching/completion for transclusion?
   2. **should source editor get the suggestion dropdowns??**
6. linked sources (folder link not working in file tree); both via linked sources or symlinks - symlinking delaying with indexing; also pdf parsing unicode character errors; also reindexing over pdfs slow (mitigations?)
   1. problematic - seems life cycle for update might be broken + overlap with symlinking; reference gathering is very slow and could probably be improved (\~20s per paper?)
   2. issues are a) reindexing symlinked like notes (fast but unicode errors) and then b) slow indexing with linked sources - maybe reference gathering
7. task parsing is not consisent (it will change when switching to/from the note)
8. command pallete at symbol search ranking is off; link resolution (require new indexing to work? why not just search?)
9. check link-repairing (e.g. when a link to or from a note and linked note is moved - is it updated?) did not work using wikilink and moving note with carbide mcp
10. Closing note; sometimes “ghost” note is left open in content pane; think its related to switching between source/visual modes
11. lsp starting for code - why hanging? no way to turn off
```Bash
    [2026-05-28][17:40:51][carbide::features::code_lsp::manager][INFO] code_lsp: no server for json: vscode-json-language-server not found on PATH
    [2026-05-28][17:40:52][carbide::features::code_lsp::manager][INFO] code_lsp: no server for json: vscode-json-language-server not found on PATH
    [2026-05-28][17:41:00][carbide::features::code_lsp::manager][INFO] code_lsp: no server for json: vscode-json-language-server not found on PATH
```
12. pdf scanning hitting unicode issues
13. single backticks now dont ‘end’ the mode continues even after closing backtick
14. fix log panel
15. plugin help pages/info section
16. file save drill down still not activating?
17. refresh in sidebar and tabs generally doesn’t do anything
